USD
Buying Christmas trees for these days is making a lot like this in here
Hamburg
it smells of fresh parts
In America, the naturopath bought out
was an ordinary day waiting for Godot
here prevails in the Wetterau
he complains
most Germans afford a tree no matter if the times are good or
bad
that is the experience of Helmut Schwarz he has been in business for over 50 years
He can demand between 15 and 80 euros
only the claims we had earlier and earlier
most of them are so small these days
the trees have a tree grown up nicely from and to the top
and if possible Sal
yes every floor in it
Picture like from a picture book
producing this picture-book numbers this is the job of Christian von Burg
Valley
Mr. about a good agricultural
a hundred kilometers north of Hamburg
everything different than planned
Winter snowfall
Hardly a truck still comes through to the team
just now
too high session
will net with the weather
Customers of the Arge problems because usually
Vettel button
in January of February, companies were there he will be tonight
it is already extreme
Fifty thousand at the start when on the place of loading
they urgently need to
and many regions of Germany
to Austria in the Netherlands to France or done
to keep the overview
not easy
Some dealers order another hundred trees
other thousands
May be the two little ones
big time
Currently checking out the well, every app loads personally what once
he can not bring back wrong
in your own half here
angry only 20 or 21 too much pressure
a good half hour later the truck is full
1000 numbers for Bavaria
every region has its own little taste
accept
in metropolitan areas inner cities
and want to change in the city area customer already taken fully
we see why only to do that by the middle man stood hope tree one hundred
Afghan Esther
internally
while the world i feel middle
aap of and great things
The retrained now reported Ellen
dense trees kwazulu-natal is a fair a solution and a fair
bottom line summed up
There is a lot of fighting outside on the plantation
the snow makes the work difficult
6,000 guesses a day
that is the workload today are the small copies of it
it is a lot of manual work
Machines are hardly usable in the plantations
around 100,000 fire brigades sale of Burgdorf per year
he is one of the big ones in Germany
its bad as big as 400 football fields
Numbers are demanding
need good odds and a lot of time
It took ten years
to a tree
two meters high
their fans do not just want it these days
much worse
we have to act so against we must treat against mites
we have to make culture bargain calls
that's it all year round
a lot of work
How much Christian von Burgdorf from wholesale
He does not want to say brutal
but the breadth has increased in recent years
The demand for Christmas trees growing in those years was his
Trees already sold out in July